what is big data
difference between mapreduce and spark
what is DAG
What are transformations? What are flatmap and map? Tell the difference with syntax.
Tasks performed in spark Project 1
Attributes of Spark.read function
What is AWS? 
Real time services of cloud 

sql joins
query for 2nd highest salary
difference between inline query and subquery
Rank and the dense rank function difference in SQL with syntax. 
How to calculate commission percentage if salary and commission are given in an emp table
Difference between joins and union
difference between self join and subquery
normalisation in dbms : https://notepad.pw/ji1m21jm

python
given a list of names, find all the names starting with letter "H"
how to read csv files in python

Python anonymous functions and lambda function.
Python data types and data structures.
merging two or more csv files
dataframe operations



1.What all concepts you studies in training
2.What training are you doing rn
3.How to load data to snowflake
4.put and copy commands
5.what is the format of data stored in snowflake
6.hierarchy of data storage
7.concat in sql
8.wordcount program in pyspark

1. Partitioning vs Bucketing
2. Why spark does lazy evaluation
3. Internal Table vs External Table in Hive
4. Why do we perform transformations in Spark

Answers

Normalization in DBMS: 1NF, 2NF, 3NF and BCNF in Database

Normalization is a process of organizing the data in database to avoid data redundancy, insertion anomaly, update anomaly & deletion anomaly. 

Here are the most commonly used normal forms:

First normal form(1NF) : As per the rule of first normal form, an attribute (column) of a table cannot hold multiple values. It should hold only atomic values.


Second normal form(2NF) : A table is said to be in 2NF if both the following conditions hold: 1) Table is in 1NF (First normal form)
																		   2) No non-prime attribute is dependent on the proper subset of any candidate key of table.

Third normal form(3NF) : A table design is said to be in 3NF if both the following conditions hold: 1) Table must be in 2NF
																			   2) Transitive functional dependency of non-prime attribute on any super key should be removed.

Boyce & Codd normal form (BCNF) : It is an advance version of 3NF that’s why it is also referred as 3.5NF. BCNF is stricter than 3NF. A table complies with BCNF if it is in 3NF and for every functional dependency X->Y, X should be the super key of the table.

for examples : https://beginnersbook.com/2015/05/normalization-in-dbms/
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Difference between 

 Mapreduce vs spark

 Hive Managed table vs External
 Partitioning vs Bucketing

 row oriented vs column oriented
 
 spark
  map vs flatmap
  RDD  vs Dataframe vs Datasets
  on-premises vs cloud
  RDB vs nosql

  ACID vs CAP /BASE 
  snowflake vs Redshift


